Hello everyone and welcome to the capstone project one section of the course.
We've learned a lot about T.M. and CSSA two major components of any Web site.
And I want to congratulate you for making it this far into the course before we move on to bootstrap
which is actually going to simplify a lot of our work with CSSA.
Let's take a moment to practice everything we've learned so far with a quick capstone project.
You're going to be creating a mock landing page for a startup in the landing page will have a form and
lead to a thank you page.
It's a pretty simple page but it will help you practice what we learned about HTL and CSA so far.
However I want you to know that this project is optional and there are really three ways you can approach
it.
The first way is if you already feel confident in each team Ellen CSSA.
Maybe you've already studied them or you just wanted a quick refresher So you saw a few lectures in
the last few sections or maybe you already knew them completely.
You can feel free to just skip this project and move on straight to bootstrap or whatever sections you
want to continue to or as a second option.
You can just follow along with the solution videos instead of trying the project on your own first and
then the third way to go about this project is to try to recreate the landing page before watching any
of the walkthrough solutions videos.
So again feel free to skip it just for a solution videos or recreate it and then watch the solution
videos.
It's totally up to you OK.
Let's take a quick look at the landing page.
See the requirements and then you can get started and decide what you want to do.
All right so here I am at the landing page.
This is the welcome to the landing page where a startup that does something.
We have two paragraphs of lordship some and then it says sign up for our upcoming launch and at the
bottom we see a form that asks for your first name the last name and email and then it has a signed
me up button.
So what I want to do is to recreate this landing page.
It has a heading 1 heading to two paragraphs and then at the bottom.
We have this form that asks for your first name last name email so make sure you use the proper form
tags for going to be building this and we have a kind of a giant submit button that says Sign me up.
And note that it also has rounded corners so see if you can figure out how to do that.
Also note that it's colored The last thing I want to point out is using some C Ss.
We've been able to add a bit of a border to this on the left right hand side of the text content and
also on the bottom but not at the top.
See if he can figure out how to do that as well.
And then lastly if you actually fill out the information and then put some random email address there.
Upon hitting sign me up it should take you to some sort of think Page.
So thanks for signing up I'll reach out to you soon and we see that kind of border around the text.
All right see if he can recreate this really simple landing page.
So again it's just this landing page and then upon clicking the sign up button it should take some sort
of think you've got a system file that you have separately there.
Do you have any questions feel free to post in the Q&A forums.
But again feel free to either skip this follow along with just the solution videos or try it out on
your own first and then watch the solutions video.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.